DV500_5_PAS Mobile Device Accessories
Possible Answer Sheet


1. If you are someone who takes your laptop back and forth between work and home, what’s a good solution for you to minimize all the plugging and unplugging of cables used for devices such as printers, keyboards etc.?
Ans- In this situation I would use a dock which has multiple plugs from HDMI, USB, Display port, and many more.  


2. What does TRRS stand for? 
Ans- TRRS stands for Tip-Ring-Ring-Sleeve. 


3. What is one of the challenges our mobile phones and tablets have with speakers that are built in?
Ans- One challenge our mobile phones and tablets have with speakers that are built in would be that the speakers in these devices are really small which can be a pain when listening so we might wanna use external speakers.


4. What are the functions of a stylus?
Ans- The main functions of a stylus would be that it allows us to manipulate and activate the interface on the devices without having to touch them physically on the screen with hand or finger. 


5. Can you disable the mouse track pad on your laptop while using an external mouse?
Ans- Yes, in some laptops users can use a function key which helps the disable the mouse trackpad and still use the keyboard.


6. If you need to perform very precise functions or be able to do something very specific on the screen, you may want to try using?
Ans- In this situation I would recommend using a touch pen.


7. If you’re an artist or someone who wants to perform more precise work on a tablet, you may want to try using an?
Ans- In this situation I would recommend using an active stylus.


8. A digital stylus provides you with more functionality and more precise usability than something like a capacitive touch pen. True or False?
Ans- True. 


9. The stylus is not able to communicate independently with the device that’s being used if those two devices are not touching each other. True or False?
Ans- False
 
10.  If you’re using an Apple iPad, you would need to use what type of pen?
Ans- In this case you will need an Apple pencil.


11.  Using an active stylus you can see as the user is writing on the screen and they apply a little more pressure, then you can see that the difference in the line width changes. True or False?
Ans- True.


12.  What if you’re using a computer that doesn’t have any type of capacitive display or any type of active touchscreen that you can interact with?
Ans- In this situation users can use an external touchscreen capability with an external drawing pad.


13.  Do laptops include an external mouse?
Ans- No laptops do not come with an external mouse when we buy a new laptop because the mouse is built in the laptop making it easy to use in limited/tight spaces like airports. 


14.  Can you add an external keyboard and mouse on a Mac?
Ans- Yes, you can add an external keyboard and mouse on a Mac using a docking station and appropriate cable to connect them with.


15. Can you customize exactly the way the trackpad works on your system?
Ans- Yes we can customize exactly the way the trackpad works on our system in laptops there are even extensions that can be used with multiple fingers. 

16.  What does TRRS do?
Ans- TRRS is an analog audio jack that takes the information of your sound into your microphone or audio that you hear and sends that through the copper connection that is plugged to the device. 


17. If you’re an Apple user, you may not have the option of a USB or a 3- and 1/2-millimeter audio connection. True or False?
Ans- True.


18.  What port does apple have?
Ans- Apple has a lightning port that can be used for charging or as a wired earphone jack.


19.  What’s one alternative method an apple user can connect to headphones without the 3.5 mm jack?
Ans- Dongle that takes a 3.5 mm jack and the other end has a lightning port.  


20.  If you like a simpler form of connecting and disconnecting your laptop, you may want to use something like?
Ans- Port replicator which is similar to a docking station. But the Port replicator connects through a USB connection that’s on the replicator itself.