DV500_3_PAS On Laptop Displays
Possible Answer Sheet


1. What does LCD stand for?
Ans- LCD stands for liquid crystal display.


2. What is a disadvantage in LCD?
Ans- A disadvantage in LCD would be that it needs a light source behind the display that shines through and provides color which we are able to see on the screen. 


Also there is one problem because the light has to shine through the display. It is really hard to get true black color through the display.


3. What are three different technologies of liquid crystal displays?
Ans- The three different technologies of liquid crystal displays are:
i. TN (Twisted Nematic) which is original LCD technology
ii. IPS (In Plane Switching) 
iii. VA (Vertical Alignment) best in between the 3 options


4. If you’re looking for the best possible color representation on an LCD display, you’ll want to use?
Ans- If I want the best possible color representation on an LCD display I would get an IPS (In Plane Switching) LCD because it has excellent color representation but it can be expensive. 


5. If you’re looking for the best possible response you’ll want to?
Ans- If I am looking for the best possible response in LCD I would get a TN (Twisted Nematic) LCD because it has fast response timing for ex. (gaming).  


6. If you’re a gamer or using some application that has fast moving graphics, what type of LCD should you use?
Ans- A gamer or someone who needs fast moving graphics I would get a TN (Twisted Nematic) LCD fast response time. 


7. What LCD gives you very good color representation, which is great for using graphics or doing some type of desktop publishing?
Ans- LCD that gives a very good color representation that is great for using graphics or doing some type of desktop publishing. I would get a VA (Vertical Alignment) LCD because it has good color representation and it is perfect because it’s right between the TN and IPS LCDs.


8. What does TN LCD stand for?
Ans- Twisted Nematic  


9. What does IPS LCD stand for?
Ans- In plane Switching 


10. What does VA display stand for?
Ans- Vertical alignment 


11.  What is the newest from of display?
Ans- The newest form of display would be a OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode) here organic compound in display emits lights when it receives an electric current.


12.  What does OLED stand for?
Ans- OLED stands for (Organic Light Emitting Diode).


13.  OLED has a backlight. True or False?
Ans- False OLED has organic compound in it which emits lights when it gets electric current. 


14.  In older laptops, you may find that the backlight that it’s using is.
Ans- In older laptops, we may find the backlight called CCFL (Cold Cathode Fluorescent Lamp) 


15. Newer LCD displays might use what type of lights instead of using a fluorescent lamp?
Ans- In newer LCD displays we would be LED backlit. Which means replacing fluorescent lamps with LED ones.


16. What component in your device may only allow for stylus input, or it might also provide input using a touch screen?
Ans- The component in the device that only allows for stylus input or touch screen would be Digitizer in the display. 


17.  What type of display does not have liquid crystals?
Ans- The display that does not have liquid crystals in it would be OLED displays because they don’t use liquid crystals to emit light.


18.  Why are OLEDs so thin?
Ans- The reason why OLEDs are so thin is because they don’t have a lackling or liquid crystals which means no need for the glass in them which makes OLEDs so thin. 


19.  In OLED displays, you need glass on the front screen to protect it? True or False?
Ans- False OLEDs displays there are no glass because it doesn’t need one which makes them so thin.


20.  How does OLED work?
Ans- OLED works because of the organic material in them which emits light when it receives current.