DV500_7_PAS On Mobile Device Connectivity
Possible Answer Sheet


1.  Connecting an external device to your tablet or your mobile phone wirelessly you would use what method of pairing?
Ans- Bluetooth pairing. 


2. Do you have to go through the pairing process every time when using Bluetooth?
Ans- No bluetooth pairing process is a one time thing.


3. What mode do you need to be in to be viewable on Bluetooth?
Ans- To be viewable on Bluetooth you had to set the device into discoverable mode.


4. Does Bluetooth have pin protection?
Ans- Yes, Bluetooth does have pin protection which is a personal identification number. To ensure some security and to know what devices are added to users' phones.


5. What is GPS
Ans- GPS can be seen as a way our mobile phones communicate to multiple satellites every day using GPS also known as Global Positioning System.


6. Who created GPS first?
Ans- GPS was originally created by the US Department of Defense.


7. True or False? There are currently only 5 GPS satellites.
Ans- False, there are over 30 GPS satellites that orbit around the Earth.


8. How do our phones gather information about where we’re located in the world?
Ans- One of the ways our phone gathers information about our location is through GPS but most of the time it will be Wi-Fi connections and identify cellular towers in our area which narrows down making it an accurate location to locate.


9. What is MDM?
Ans- MDM mobile device management is a way companies can manage all the company owned phones or any other phone users might bring to work.


10.  One way to manage all the mobile device being used by your organization.
Ans- MDM (Mobile Device Management).


11.  What is BYOD?
Ans- BYOD Bring Your Own Device would fall under company MDM where the company would manage those devices as well.


12.  What is an advantage of using MDM?
Ans- An advantage of using MDM would be increased security of the mobile device. MDM manager can access controls that are being used on a device.


13.  If the manager wants to ensure that certain applications are installed, the data is protected, or that certain capabilities of the phone are enabled or disabled, such as the camera, you can do all of that using?
Ans- MDM.


14.  You can use the MDM to manage the type of access control that’s being used on a mobile phone. True or False?
Ans- Yes.


15.  Can MDM improve security?
Ans- Yes, MDM can improve security, authorized personnel can install applications, the data is protected and can be enabled or disabled.


16.  The MDM can also be used to prevent certain applications from being installed? True or False?
Ans- True.


17.  If our phone can hear the signals coming from at least how many satellites so that we can get very precise information?
Ans- At least 4 of those satellites.

18.  Our phones can calculate where we happen to be based on timing differences from all these different satellites. True or False?
Ans- True.


19.  Best way to connect external devices wirelessly to a device?
Ans- Bluetooth pairing process.


20. The first step in the pairing process is making sure:
 Ans- Making sure that both devices are configured to use Bluetooth.