DV500_48_PAS On Laser Printer Maintenance 
Possible Answer Sheet


Q1. What is one of the most common maintenance processes on a laser printer? 
Ans: One of the most common maintenance processes on a laser printer is replacing the toner cartridge.


Q2. The toner cartridge contains the ___________and in some cases, the ___________that’s used during the printing process.
Ans. The toner and The Photosensitive drum.


Q3. Can you use a printer if you receive a message like “ The Toner is Getting Low”?
Ans. Yes we can use a printer if we receive a message like “The Toner is Getting Low”.


Q4. What does OPC stand for?
Ans. OPC stands for Organic Photoconductor.


Q5. What is included with the toner cartridge? 
Ans. The Organic Photoconductor drum is included with the toner cartridge.


Q6. Why do toner cartridges come wrapped in a package? 
Ans: Toner cartridges come wrapped in a package so the sunlight doesn’t get in.


Q7. How do you replace a toner cartridge? 
Ans: We would replace a toner cartridge by power downing the printer, and open the printer to gain access to the cartridge itself and then simply remove the old cartridge and replace it with the new cartridge.


Q8. What should you do before putting a new cartridge into the printer? 
Ans: Before putting a new cartridge into the printer we should make sure that all the packing strips or anything that’s used to seal the cartridge has been removed.


Q9. How do I replace a toner cartridge in my laser printer? 
Ans: We can replace a toner cartridge in a laser printer by not letting any light get into the photosensitive drum and simply slide the cartridge into the side of the printer when the cover is opened.


Q10. What type of maintenance might be necessary for a laser printer? 
Ans: Maintenance that might be necessary for a laser printer would be feed rollers, fuser unit or anything else that's worn out over time.


Q11. ________________are complex pieces of machinery with a lot of moving parts on the inside. 
Ans. The laser printers.


Q12. Where can one get a laser printer maintenance kit? 
Ans: One can get a laser printer maintenance kit from the manufacturer of the printer.


Q13. How often should you perform maintenance tasks on a laser printer? 
Ans: The manufacturer will tell us when to perform maintenance tasks on a laser printer.


Q14. What does a laser printer maintenance kit typically include? 
Ans: A laser printer maintenance kit typically includes  feed rollers, fuser unit or anything else that's worn out over time.


Q15. What should you do before working inside of a laser printer? 
Ans: We should power off and remove the power source before working inside of a laser printer.


Q16. What should you be careful of when working with the fuser assembly inside a printer? 
Ans: We should be careful on what we are touching inside of the printer so that we can avoid any burns when working with the fuser assembly inside a printer.


Q17. What do you have to do once you’re done replacing feed rollers and the other parts of the maintenance kit?
Ans. Once we are done replacing feed rollers and the other parts of the maintenance kit make sure that we reset the page counter so when the next maintenance update may be required.


Q18. What might happen when replacing a toner cartridge? 
Ans: When replacing a toner cartridge we might notice that all of the subsequent output looks a little different than the original toner cartridge.


Q19. How can you calibrate the printer to get the right density of toner? 
Ans: We can calibrate the printer to get the right density of toner by Looking at the calibration option inside of the printer that will create some output. And then it will ask us to make some changes based on what the printed page looks like on the printer.


Q20. What can you use to clean a laser printer? 
Ans: We can use water and isopropyl alcohol to clean a laser printer.


Q21. What should you avoid using when cleaning a laser printer? 
Ans: We want to avoid any harsh chemicals or commercial cleaners when cleaning a laser printer.


Q22. How should you clean the outside of the printer? 
Ans: We should clean the outside of the printer with a damp cloth with cold water.


Q23. How should you clean the inside of the printer? 
Ans: We should clean the inside of the printer with a damp cloth with cold water and a vacuum that is specifically designed to vacuum toner.


Q24. What should you use to clean the rubber rollers inside of a laser printer? 
Ans: We should use isopropyl alcohol or cold water when cleaning the rubber rollers inside of a laser printer.


Q25. A normal vacuum cleaner is designed for the very fine toner that’s inside of a laser printer. (True/ False)
Ans. False.