20_PAS ON Internet Connection Types
Possible Answer Sheet


1. What is satellite networking?
= Satellite networking is using a satellite dish to communicate with a satellite that’s in a lower earth orbit. Sometimes it is referred to as a non-terrestrial communication method because we are communicating to a device that’s in space.

2. How does the cost of satellite connectivity compare to other forms of internet connectivity?
= The cost of satellite connectivity compared to other forms of internet connectivity are very costly and expensive compared to other forms of internet connectivity. 

3. What are typical speeds for satellite internet?
= Typical speeds for satellite internet can vary widely, but it’s not uncommon to find 50 megabits of speed down and three megabits of speed going up to the satellite.

4. What are some common uses for satellite internet?
= Some common uses for satellite internet are communications, GPS, weather detection, geological studies and more.

5. What is latency when communicating with satellites in space?
= Latency when communicating with satellites in space is so satellite connections tend to operate in higher frequencies such as the two gigahertz range and they operate over line of sight. 

6. How does satellite internet compare to terrestrial internet when it comes to latency?
= Satellite internet compared to terrestrial internet when it comes to latency would be that compared to satellite internet terrestrial internet has higher latency.

7. What is a newer type of satellite network?
= A newer type of satellite network would be Starlink.

8. What is the latency time advertised by Starlink?
= Latency time advertised by Starlink is 40 millisecond.

9. What frequency range do satellite connections operate in?
= Frequency range that satellite connections operate in is 2 gigahertz.

10. What is the cause of rain fade when using a satellite connection?
= Rain fade is caused when it rains between the user and the satellite. 

11. What is the advantage of fiber optic links for internet connections?
= The advantage of fiber optic links for internet connections is higher speed.

12. Why is fiber optics more expensive than other internet connections?
= Fiber optics are more expensive because of the equipment costs such as repairs.

13. How is fiber optics used in enterprise networks?
= Fiber optics is used in enterprise networks by connecting infrastructure devices and the cores of the user network together using fiber optics technology.


14. How does running fiber optics to a home or business improve bandwidth?
= Yes, running fiber optics to a home or business improves bandwidth and gives users other options for sending and receiving information with high speed.


15. What is the method of communication used by cable broadband?
= The method of communication used by cable broadband is user can send multiple streams of data across a single wire by communicating across multiple frequencies on that wire.

16. How does cable broadband transmit video, voice, and data?
= Cable broadband transmit video, voice, and data by using different frequencies on that same medium. For example, cable TV.

17. Who might provide cable broadband service?
= Cable broadband services are provided by cable companies.

18. What is the standard for sending data over cable networks?
= The standard for sending data over a cable network is called DOCSIS ( Data Over Cable Service Interface Specification).

19. What are the typical speeds of DOCSIS networks?
= Typical speeds for DOCSIS networks are 1 gigabit or even higher in speed.

20. Do you need to bring additional cables or services into your home for DOCSIS?
= No, we don’t have to bring additional cables or services into home for DOCSIS.

21. What is the technology that uses existing copper in a home?
= The technology that uses existing copper in a home would be DSL (Digital Subscriber Line).

22. What is the difference between the speed of download and upload on DSL?
= The difference between the speed of download and upload on DSL is download speed is faster than the speed of the upload.

23. What are the typical speeds of DSL networks?
The typical speeds of DSL networks are 200 megabits per second for a downstream speed and 20 megabits per second for the upstream speed. 

24. What is the limitation of DSL in terms of distance?
= The limitation of DSL in terms of distance is about 10,000 foot.


25. What type of networks are commonly used for internet connectivity when away from home or office?
= The network that are commonly used for internet connectivity when away from home or office would be mobile networks that we would commonly associate with a cell phone.


26. How is internet connectivity provided through cellular networks?
= The cellular internet connectivity is provided through cellular networks by communicating and sending data.


27. What is tethering?
= Tethering is physically connecting our phone via USB or through Bluetooth and using our phone as an internet connection

28. What is a hotspot?
= A hotspot is when 802.11 capabilities and anything in range would be able to use that 802.11 network through the user's phone to access the internet. 

29. What is a WISP?
= A WISP is an ISP that is able to send information over a wireless network to our home. 

30. In what areas are WISPs commonly found?
= WISPs are commonly found in homes where users are sending information to local ground stations that are in our geographic area for that ISP.

31. What are the typical speeds of wireless networks provided by WISPs?
        = The typical speeds of wireless networks provided by WISPs are up to 1,000 megabits per second.
________________


Section B


Q1. What Is Satellite Internet?
A. Satellite Internet would be sending information to space. 
Q2. What is fiber optic internet?
A. Fiber optic internet can be seen as sending a very large amount if information in a very short period of time.
Q3. What is broadband internet?
A. Broadband internet uses cable that we would use for cable Tv and this method communicates by sending multiple streams of data across a single wire.
Q4. What is DSL?
A. DSL which stands for Digital Subscriber Link that shares existing copper that we may already have in our home.
Q5. What is a cellular network?
A. A cellular network is a network that is commonly associated with a cell phone and it communicates sending data.
Q6. What is wisp internet?
A. WISP internet is wireless ISPs using meshed 802.11 to be able to connect devices. They might have a 5G connection for users' homes.