DV500_47_PAS On Laser Printers
Possible Answer Sheet


Q1. Laser Printers are commonly found in__________and ___________.
Ans. Home and the Office.


Q2. How does a laser printer work? 
Ans: A laser printer combines high voltages with powder toner, heat, and pressure to create output on a printed page.


Q3. What are the advantages of using a laser printer? 
Ans: The advantages of using a laser printer is it combines high quality output with very fast printing speeds, which is perfect for an office environment. 


Q4. What is responsible for producing the image on the sheet of paper? 
Ans: The imaging drum is responsible for producing the image on the sheet of paper.


Q5. What does the laser do? 
Ans: The laser writes or paints exactly what it would like to have appeared on the piece of paper.


Q6. What is the imaging drum? 
Ans: The imaging drum is a colorful photosensitive drum that’s inside of a laser printer.


Q7. How do you replace an imaging drum? 
Ans: To replace an imaging drum we simply replace the single component and its easily accessible.


Q8. What if you are replacing toner cartridges?
Ans. When replacing toner cartridges we would replace the toner and imaging drum at the same time.


Q9. What is the purpose of a fuser assembly? 
Ans: The purpose of a fuser assembly is once the toner is transferred from the imaging drum to the paper, it still needs to be permanently affixed to the page.


Q10. What is the fuser assembly inside of a laser printer? 
Ans: The fuser assembly uses heat and pressure to effectively melt the toner so that it is permanently part of the printed page.


Q11. How can you easily replace the fuser assembly if there are any problems? 
Ans: We can easily replace the fuser assembly if there are any problems by using the little hooks that we can move to release the entire fuser assembly and easily replace it.


Q12. What colors are usually installed into a laser printer? 
Ans: Usually colors installed into a laser printer are cyan, yellow, magenta, and a black color.


Q13. How are the colors from the individual cartridges combined into a single page? 
Ans: The colors from the individual cartridges combined into a single page is by the use of a transfer belt and roller.


Q14. Colors are usually installed into the laser printer as ____________separate cartridges.
Ans. As four separate cartridges.


Q15. What do each separate cartridge allow us?
Ans. Each separate cartridge allows us to pull exactly the right amount of color from each individual cartridge. 


Q16. What is transferred onto the belt in the printer? 
Ans: The color from each cartridge is transferred to the belt.


Q17. How is a single page from the printer tray sent through the printing process? 
Ans: A single page from the printer tray is sent through the printing process by using a pickup roller.


Q18. What might be the problem if no pages are being picked up in a printer? 
Ans: The problem of no pages being picked up in a printer might be because there is a problem with a pick up roller.


Q19. What do you need to do if the pickup roller is worn down? 
Ans: If the pickup roller is worn down we would need to replace it.


Q20. What do the pickup rollers do? 
Ans: The pickup roller takes a single page from the tray and sends it through the printer.


Q21. What is the purpose of the separation pad? 
Ans: The purpose of the separation pad is it helps to keep multiple pages from being sent through the printer all at one time.


Q22. How expensive is the separation pad? 
Ans: The separation pad is a very inexpensive part.


Q23. What is duplexing? 
Ans: Duplexing is printing on both sides of the page when it finally presents us with the output.


Q24. Does duplexing require any human intervention? 
Ans: No duplexing happens inside of the printer and doesn’t need any human intervention.


Q25. How does a printer configured for duplexing work? 
Ans: A printer configured for duplexing works by going through an extra step to be able to turn the page over, and then prints on the other side of the page.


Q26. What type of hardware is needed for duplex printing? 
Ans: The hardware needed for duplex printing is inside of the printer or connected to the printer tray that gives it the capability to perform the duplex printing.


Q27. How does the duplex assembly work? 
Ans: The duplex assembly works on the paper tray that we use in the laser printer and it has a method of flipping the paper over using the duplex assembly.


Q28. How does the duplex assembly work? 
Ans: The duplex assembly works on the paper tray that we use in the laser printer and it has a method of flipping the paper over using the duplex assembly.


Q29. What is used to provide a negative charge to the photosensitive drum during the charging phase? 
Ans: A corona wire or charge roller is used to provide a negative charge to the photosensitive drum during the charging phase.


Q30. What is the purpose of the negative charge? 
Ans: The purpose of the negative charge is to effectively clear the drum and prepare it for the image that will be provided by the laser.


Q31. What happens during the exposing phase? 
Ans: During the exposing phase the laser begins writing the image to the photosensitive drum.


Q32. What is the purpose of the charging phase in the laser printer? 
Ans: The purpose of the charging phase in the laser printer is creating a positive charge everywhere it touches that photosensitive drum.


Q33. What is phase six of the laser printing process? 
Ans: Phase six of the laser printing process to be able to accomplish the toner has not been permanently affixed to the paper and needs to apply heat and pressure.


Q34. What is Step 7 of the printing process? 
Ans: Step 7 of the printing process which is the cleaning phase, which removers any excess toner from the drum.


Q35. What is the process of printing a single page on a printer? 
Ans: The process of printing a single page on a printer is the process cycles through the photosensitive drum may rotate a number of times just to print a single page on the printer.


Q36. What is the first step in the laser printing process? 
Ans: The first step in the laser printing process is it spends quite a bit of time rendering the page in memory .


Q37. What is the fifth step in the printing process? 
Ans: The fifth step in the printing process is taking all of the toner that’s in the drum and transferring that toner to the printed page.


Q38. Which step is known as a fusing step and what it is?
Ans: Step 6 is known as a fusing step and it applies heat and pressure to melt the toner to the page.


Q39. What would be the final step in the printing process? 
Ans: The final step is 7 in the printing process which is the cleansing phase, which removers any excess toner from the drum.


Q40. How many total steps are there in the printing process?
Ans. There are 7 total steps in the printing process.


Q41. Third step of the printing process is the ________stage.
Ans. The exposing stage.


Q42. In which step we're writing a negative charge to the photosensitive drum?
Ans. In step 2 we are writing a negative charge to the photosensitive drum.