29_PAS_SCSI Device Cables 
Possible Answer Sheet


Q1. What does SCSI stand for?
Ans SCSI stands for Small Computer Systems Interface.


Q2. What is a SCSI interface? 
Ans: A SCSI interface is a standard interface that can be used to connect to storage devices, scanners, printers, and other devices on our network.


Q3. What was the purpose of creating the SCSI interface? 
Ans: The purpose of creating the SCSI interface was to let user’s have many devices connected to one signal interface on their computer by daisy chaining multiple devices together.


Q4. How many devices can be connected to one SCSI chain? 
Ans: 16 devices can be connected to one SCSI chain.


Q5. What is the newest SCSI standard? 
Ans: The newest SCSI standard is iSCSI or SCSI over IP.


Q6. What types of connectivity does SCSI support? 
Ans: SCSI supports both parallel and serial connectivity, depending on which type of format we are using for a SCSI connection.


Q7. How many devices could a single SCSI interface support on a narrow bus? 
Ans: A single SCSI interface support on a narrow bus can support eight different SCSI devices.


Q8. What was used to connect our scanners and CD-ROM drives before SATA and USB? 
Ans: SCSI was used to connect our scanners and CD-ROM drives before SATA and USB.


Q9. What is one of the benefits of SCSI and its protocols? 
Ans: One of the benefits of SCSI and its protocols are used to communicate over the SCSI connection and it is a very intelligent form of connectivity.


Q10. Are SCSI protocols still used today? 
Ans: No, SCSI protocols are not as popular as they were and we don’t use them much today.


Q11. What is the 68 pin connector commonly used for? 
Ans: The 68 pin connector is commonly used to attach other SCSI devices.

Q12. What is the purpose of having a single interface on a computer? 
Ans: The purpose of having a single interface on a computer is to connect multiple devices to our needs somehow to be able to differentiate between all of these separate devices we are connecting to the same cable.


Q13. What is the purpose of a SCSI ID? 
Ans: The purpose of a SCSI ID is that every device that could connect to a particular SCSI cable and have a separate ID number associated with it.


Q14. How does SCSI allow for connectivity to a drive array? 
Ans: SCSI allows for connectivity to a drive array with a single chassis with many different drives inside of it.


Q15. What is the purpose of a SCSI terminator? 
Ans: The purpose of a SCSI terminator is that it allows us to have multiple devices on the wire and still be able to communicate across all of those devices simultaneously.


Q16. What is a logical unit? 
Ans: A logical unit is the SCSI method that not only identifies the chassis of tha drive array through a SCSI ID, but we can identify individual drives by a logical unit or LUN.


Q17. What is a newer SCSI standard? 
Ans: A newer SCSI standard is a serial attached SCSI or SAS. These divides are much simplified over the older SCSI configurations that require us to manually set a SCSI ID and always have a terminator on the connection.


Q18. Is there anything required to use a SAS device? 
Ans: To use a SAS device there isn’t anything required. We don't have to worry about setting jumpers for SCSI IDs.


Q19. What can be seen on the back of an external SCSI storage device? 
Ans: On the back of an external SCSI storage device we can see a spot for power. A fan inside inside of the device or some type of cooling.


Q20. Are there any buttons to modify the SCSI ID? 
Ans: Yes, there are buttons to modify the SCSI ID and that allows us to modify the SCSI ID to prevent any conflicts on the same cable.


Q21. What does a SCSI controller look like when you look inside a computer? 
Ans: A SCSI controller inside of a computer looks like a SCSI controller set to a SCSI ID of 0 and then there’s cable from the device that goes to the first hard drive.


Q22. What does the SCSI terminator look like? 
Ans: The SCSI terminator looks like a multiple pin plug.


Q23. What replaced the need for cables with multiple interfaces and devices with multiple SCSI interfaces? 
Ans: A single ribbon cable replaced the need for cables with multiple interface and devices with multiple SCSI interfaces.