DV500_52_PAS On Thermal Printer Maintenance
Possible Answer Sheets


Q1. What do you need to consider when purchasing replacement paper for a thermal printer? 
Ans: We need to consider that we are getting exactly the right kind of paper when purchasing replacement paper for a thermal printer.


Q2. How do you replace the paper in a thermal printer? 
Ans: When replacing the paper in a thermal printer we need to open the printer, remove the old spool, and replace it with a new spool.

Q3. It becomes very easy to quickly replace the paper in a thermal printer. (True/False)
Ans. True.


Q4. Why was there missing information on the output of the thermal printer?
Ans. There is missing information on the output of the thermal printer because the heating element is dirty.


Q5. What can be done to solve the problem of missing information on a thermal printer? Ans: Cleaning the heating element can solve the problem of missing information on a thermal printer.


Q6. How will you make sure that the cleaning process is right for your printer?
Ans. We can make sure that the cleaning process is right for our printer by checking the manufacturer’s recommendations to know exactly what cleaning process is right for our printer.


Q7. How can we clean the heating elements? 
Ans: We can clean the heating elements with cleaning pins with IPA inside them.


Q8. How can you clean out a thermal printer? 
Ans: We can clean out a thermal printer with some compressed air.


Q9. How does thermal paper get dirty? 
Ans: The thermal paper gets dirty when dust comes inside of the printer.


Q10. What is an alternative to using compressed air to clean the inside of electronic equipment? 
Ans:An alternative to using compressed air to clean the inside of electronic equipment is using a damp cloth.;


Q11. What kind of vacuum cleaner should you use for electronic equipment? 
Ans: Vacuum that is specifically designed to work with electronic equipment should be used when vacuum clean is needed.


Q12. Why do we use a specific type of vacuum for electronic devices?
Ans. We use a specific type of vacuum for electronic devices because the movement of all the dust tends to create static electricity which is very bad for electronic devices.


Q13. What should you be careful of when using thermal paper? 
Ans: We should be careful of heat when using thermal paper.


Q14. Why don't we use thermal printers when archiving information? 
Ans: We don’t use thermal printers when archiving information because it will fade throughout the years.