DV500 50_PAS On Inkjet Printer Maintenance
Possible Answer Sheet


Q1. What is an important maintenance step on an inkjet printer? 
Ans: An important maintenance step on an inkjet printer is making sure that these print heads remain unclogged.


Q2. What is the ink used in inkjet printers prone to? 
Ans: The ink used in inkjet printers is prone to clogging.


Q3. How can you tell if a print head needs to be cleaned?
A: We can tell if a print head needs to be cleaned if the printout has streaks that are going across the page.


Q4. How can you clean a printer's print head? 
Ans: We can clean a printer’s print head by there’s a button we can press that will go through the entire cleaning process without having to do any type of intervention.


Q5. Removing the cartridge to clean the print head or remove the individual print heads themselves is an easy process. (True/ False)
Ans. True.


Q6. How can you fix the clog? 
Ans: We can fix the clog by replacing the print head.


Q7. How often do inkjet cartridges need to be replaced? 
Ans: We need to replace the inkjet cartridge when we notice colors becoming depleted.


Q8. Does this printer have a single cartridge for each color? 
Ans: Yes, this printer has a single cartridge for each color.


Q9. What if any one of those colors becomes depleted in this printer?
Ans. If any one of those colors becomes depleted in the printer we need to replace the entire cartridge.


Q10. What are the advantages of having a single cartridge for each color?
Ans. The advantage of having a single cartridge for each color is it’s much more efficient to replace when we have a single color that has been depleted.


Q11. How long does it take to replace a cartridge in a printer? 
Ans: It usually takes just a few seconds to replace a cartridge in a printer.


Q12. What is the cartridge made of? 
Ans: The cartridges are made of plastic.


Q13. What do you need to do after replacing a cartridge? 
Ans: After replacing a cartridge we need to calibrate the printer to make sure that all of the colors overlap perfectly on the page.


Q14. How can you recycle used cartridges? 
Ans: The manufacturer of the print cartridge often has a list of options on their site for recycling.


Q15. How do you replace a print cartridge in an inkjet printer? 
Ans: We replace a print cartridge in an inkjet printer by fitting it right into the slot and locking in place.


Q16. What do you need to do after replacing the print cartridge? 
Ans: After replacing a cartridge we need to calibrate the printer to make sure that all of the colors overlap perfectly on the page.


Q17. What is a common printer troubleshooting challenge? 
Ans. A common printer troubleshooting challenge is clearing paper jams.


Q18. How can you remove a stuck piece of paper? 
Ans. We can remove a stuck piece of paper by removing the paper tray and get rid of any loose paper that might be inside of the printer.


Q19. What might help with the removal of a paper jam?
Ans: Removing the paper tray might help with the removal of a paper jam.


Q20. What should be done after a paper jam is removed? 
Ans:After a paper jam is removed we should check it and make sure that it is complete and that no pieces of that paper are still stuck inside the printer somewhere.