DV500_64_PAS_On Troubleshooting Printers 
Possible Answer Sheet


Q1. How can you test if a printer is working properly? 
Ans. We can test if a printer is working properly by using the test page feature that’s built into Windows. This is in either the Windows settings, or it could be in the properties of the printer itself.


Q2. How do you send a test page to the printer? 
Ans: We send a test page to the printer by using a Print Test Page button and that will print a standard test page from Windows.


Q3. : What are some ways to diagnose a printer issue? 
Ans: Some ways to diagnose a printer issue is by testing functions built into the printer console. Or we may be able to log into the printer through a console and be able to perform tests that way.


Q4. What if you look at the test page and the output does not look how you would expect it to be?
Ans. If we look at the test page and the output does not look how we would expect it to be we may want to research what’s causing the problem.


Q5. What do you do if you have a line that goes all the way down the page on an inkjet printer? 
Ans: If we have a line that goes all the way down the page on an inkjet printer then it’s time to clean the print heads or to replace the print heads on that inkjet printer.


Q6. What do you do if you have a line that goes all the way down the page on a laser printer? 
Ans: If we have a line that goes all the way down the page on a laser printer then there’s probably a scratch on the photosensitive drum. 


Q7.Why is the output on the page very light or difficult to read? 
Ans: The output on the page is very light or difficult to read because we might have a problem either with the toner if it’s a laser printer or the ink if it’s an inkjet printer.


Q8. What could cause items that you print on one part of the page to show up later on down the page? 
Ans: A problem with the cleaning process in a laser printer could cause items that we print on one part of the page to show up later on down the page.


Q9. What does a scratched photosensitive drum look like? 
Ans: A scratched photosensitive drum looks like a line going all the way down the page.


Q10. What happens when toner sticks to the scratch? 
Ans: When toner sticks to the scratch it gets transferred to the printed page inside of the printer.


Q11. What is a symptom of a problem associated with the cleaning process on a laser printer? 
Ans: A symptom of a problem associated with the cleaning process on a laser printer is when we have a normal part of the page on the top, but then we will start to see parts of that page repeated later on down the page.


Q12. What can cause garbled print? 
Ans: A garbled print is caused by using the bad printer driver.


Q13. How do you check if an application is printing to the correct printer model? 
Ans: We check if an application is printing to the current printer model by checking the application we are using to see if it’s printing to the correct printer model.


Q14. What happens when you touch part of the output from a laser printer? 
Ans: When we touch part of the output from a laser printer we will find that it begins to smudge.


Q15. What could be causing a printer to not produce any output? 
Ans: A problem with the fuser assembly could be causing a printer to not produce any output.


Q16. What happens if you send output to the printer that is expecting a different sized page? 
Ans: If we are sending output to the printer that is expecting a different sized page, the printer will stop and give us an error message that there’s some type of mismatch between the page that we would link to print and the paper that happens to be installed in the printer.


Q17. What message will you get if the paper size installed in the printer tray is incorrect? 
Ans: The message we will get if the paper size installed in the printer tray is incorrect is “We will need a certain size of paper being installed into a particular tray of the printer”.


Q18. What should you do if the paper gets stuck in the printer? 
Ans: If the paper gets stuck in the printer we need to remove the paper from the printer while being very careful not to rip any part of that paper and leave pieces of that page inside of the printer.


Q19. What might cause issues with the printer? 
Ans: The printer picking up a page to send it through the print cycle, or it’s picking up multiple pages at the same time and sending all of them through simultaneously might cause issues with the printer.


Q20. How can I fix rollers that are worn or damaged? 
Ans: we can fix rollers that are worn or damaged by replacing those individually or replacing them as part of a maintenance kit.


Q21. What could be causing my pages to come out creased? 
Ans: A problem with something along the paper path, or we may be using the wrong weight of paper which causes pages to come out creased.


Q22. What can cause the entire print queue to crash? 
Ans: The entire print queue to crash can happen when there are corrupted print jobs that may cause the entire process to stop, which would cause multiple print jobs to be added to the queue but nothing printing on the printer.


Q23. How does the print spooler service address this issue? 
Ans: The print spooler service addresses the issue by automatically restarting the print spooler service.


Q24. What will happen if the print spooler service fails multiple times? 
Ans: If the print spooler service fails multiple times there may be information that can help us troubleshoot inside of the Windows Event Viewer.


Q25. What can you do if the print spooler has crashing issues? 
Ans: If the print spooler has crashing issues we can simply delete the print job which will have the print spooler back up and running again.

Q26. What is a challenge with color printers? 
Ans: A challenge with color printers is that we may want the printer to provide exactly the same colors which we’re seeing on the screen.


Q27. What is the first step to calibrating a screen and printer? 
Ans: The first step to calibrating a screen and printer is ensuring that all of the colors that we are seeing on the screen are correct and accurate.

Q28. What is the best way to calibrate a screen? 
Ans: The best way to calibrate a screen is having a third party calibration tool making the process easy and we know that the final output will be as accurate as possible.


Q29. What type of paper should be used for screen calibration? 
Ans: Using a paper that gives us the best possible representation, and that’s usually something that is bright white should be used for screen calibration.


Q30. What is a calibration tool? 
Ans: A calibration tool is built into the printer, or it may come included with a secondary utility.


Q31. How do we use a calibration tool? 
Ans: We use a calibration tool to provide exactly the right amount of ink or toner to be able to represent what’s on our screen. 


Q32. What does a color calibration do? 
Ans: A color calibration starts comparing the colors that we are seeing on the screen with the color output that we are getting on the printer.


Q33. What could be causing grinding noises from my printer? 
ANS: The causing of a grinding noise from our printer means there is a problem with the mechanisms inside the device.


Q34. What should I do if I hear grinding noises from my printer? 
ANS: If we hear grinding noises from our printer there’s paper that is jammed inside of the printer path. Removing items that may have been jammed.


Q35. What are some of the enhanced capabilities of office printers? 
Ans: Some of the enhanced capabilities of office printers are the finishing that occurs with our output. We might also want to have our printer collate the pages or bind the pages together. There are printers that have a stapler built into the printer. 


Q36. Does the printer have a stapler built in? 
Ans: Some office printers have a stapler built in when we print an entire set of output, it collates everything together, and then staple that output as it’s coming out of the printer.


Q37. How is the location of the holes determined? 
Ans: The location of the holes is determined by the configuration of the print driver. 


Q38. What should you check if the output is different? 
Ans: If the output is different, you may want to check the print driver and confirm that you put the right settings in and that they match the configuration of the printer.


Q39. What if you print something in portrait, and it ends up printing in landscape or vice versa?
Ans. In those scenarios, we’re not getting the right orientation for the page. And so we’ll need to troubleshoot where the problem happens to be occurring. It may be that the printer is following the directions of the print driver, and the wrong option is being selected during the printing process.


Q40. What might be the cause of a printer not printing in the correct orientation? 
Ans: The cause of a printer not printing in the correct orientation might be because the printer is following the directions of the print driver, and the wrong option is being selected during the printing process.