30_PAS_PATA Device Cables
Possible Answer Sheet


Q1. What is PATA? 
Ans: PATA (Parallel AT Attachment) is a connection that is between a storage device inside of a computer that is connected with a ribbon cable.


Q2. What other names has PATA been known by? 
Ans: Other names PATA has been known by is Parallel ATA or simply ATA.

Q3. The name AT Attachment comes from one of the original PCs created by _______.
Ans. AT Attachment comes from one of the original PCs created by IBM.

Q4. What speeds can PATA achieve? 
Ans: PATA can achieve speeds from 16 megabytes per second through 133 megabytes per second as a total throughput.

Q5. What other types of drives can connect to PATA? 
Ans: Other types of drives that can connect to PATA are CD-ROMs or DVD-ROMs that have a PATA connection.


Q6. So although you may find motherboards and other equipment that are referring to an ATA drive or an IDE connection, today we refer to all of these as__________.
Ans.  Parallel ATA or PATA.


Q7. What type of connection is on one end of the PATA cables? 
Ans: On one end of the PATA cables there is a 40 pin connector for the motherboard and then there are two separate 40 pin connectors later on down the ribbon cable.


Q8. How many 40 pin connectors are on each cable? 
Ans: There are 3 40 pin connectors on each cable


Q9. How is the device order different on the 80 wire cable? 
Ans: The device order is different on the 80 wire cable because it minimizes the crosstalk over the higher speeds that are used over 80 wire cables.


Q10. What was the original PATA cable? 
Ans: The 40 wire cable was the original PATA cable.


Q11. How did they decrease crosstalk between wires? 
Ans: They decrease crosstalk between wires by doubling the number of wires while keeping the number of pins on the connectors exactly the same.


Q12. How does an 80 wire cable differ from a 40 wire cable? 
Ans: An 80 wire cable differs from a 40 wire cable because it has twice the number of wires inside of the ribbon cable.


Q13. The size of the PATA connector compared to the SATA connectors is large. (True/False)
Ans. False, the PATA connector is quite large compared to the SATA connectors.


Q14. What is the purpose of the missing pin in the motherboard's PATA connector? 
Ans: The purpose of the missing pin in the motherboard’s PATA connector is to properly orient the cable into the right format when we’re plugging it into the connector.


Q15. What do you need to look at to understand how a PATA cable works? 
Ans: We need to look at the end of the cable, there is a notch built into the PATA cable.


Q16. What is the purpose of the notch on a PATA cable? 
Ans: The purpose of the notch on a PATA cable is so that when connecting the cable we don’t make the mistake of plugging that cable anywhere even by mistake.


Q17. What type of connector is used for storage devices? 
Ans: Connector used for storage devices is 40 pin symmetrical connector.