DV500_8_PAS On Mobile Device Configuration
Possible Answer Sheet


1. What is Microsoft cloud-based services called?
Ans- Microsoft 365, Microsoft Outlook, Exchange.


2. What is apples cloud service called?
Ans- iCloud


3. What is an advantage to using iCloud?
Ans- An advantage to using iCloud would be that it provides users access to configure synchronization options.


4. On iCloud are you able to select what you want synchronized?
Ans- Yes, with iCloud users are able to use extensive synchronization options for iCloud meaning user’s are able to select and deselect information they want to upload to icloud.


5. Is iCloud used for backups?
Ans- Yes, iCloud is used for backups of users' systems constantly updated in the cloud.  


6. Can you use iCloud with Microsoft?
Ans- No, iCloud can’t be used with Microsoft, iCloud is only limited to apple devices. 


7. There are limited synchronization options for iCloud. True or False?
Ans- False.


8. If you lose your iPhone, how can you access your data and is it backed up?
Ans- User can login to the new iPhone using iCloud login and password and all the information will be automatically downloaded and synchronized with the new device.


9. With Microsoft 365, you can only synchronize the email between your mobile device and other email systems you use. True or False?
Ans- False, users can also configure and synchronize contacts, calendars, reminders, and notes.


10.  What is outlook a part of?
Ans- Microsoft Outlook or Exchange can be seen as running your own exchange servers. similar to using Microsoft's Hotmail and cloud-based Outlook.com service.


11.  Can you sync your calendars across all devices using Microsoft 365?
Ans- Yes users can sync contacts, calendars, reminders, and notes.


12.  If you’re running your own exchange servers, what service are you using?
Ans- We are using Microsoft's Hotmail and cloud-based Outlook.com service.


13. Is there a way if you create a note on your mobile phone, the note automatically appears on Microsoft 365 on your desktop and vice versa?
Ans- Yes if they are synced with other devices.


14. To connect to iCloud, you would use your iCloud.
Ans- iCloud username and password.


15. Where can you access your iCloud settings?
Ans- To access our iCloud settings we would have to login to iCloud using iCloud username and password.
 
16.  There are extensive configuration settings for iCloud, but you can’t control exactly what data is synchronized. True or False?
Ans- False.


17.  You can use iCloud to sync your emails across all your IOS devices. True or False?
Ans- True.


18.  Can configure the system to allow cellular transfers or only allow transfers over faster 802.11 networks?
Ans- Yes we can configure the system to allow cellular transfers or only allow 802.11 network.


19. You can enable and disable different network connections or control the use of exactly how you download when you’re on a cellular network. True or False?
Ans- True.


20. Using cellular networks, you can’t download files. True and False and explain?
Ans- False, the cellular data can be set to automatically download or not download users can also set how much data can be transferred over that cellular network.