11_PAS ON Network Devices
Possible Answer Sheet


1. What is a Router?
= A router is a device that forwards traffic between different IP subnets. Router uses the IP address that’s within the packet to determine what the next hop might be on its way to the final destination.
 
2. What is a Switch?
= A Switch is a device that determines where traffic should be forwarded based on the destination MAC address inside of that time frame. Switch is also a device that can forward traffic at very high rates of speed.
 
3. What is an Unmanaged Switch?
= An Unmanaged Switch is a switch that is common among the switch used in homes that was bought in store locally or online and this type of switch doesn’t have much functionality. If it is a simple connecting all the devices like in our homes it is an Unmanaged Switch.

4. What is a Managed Switch?
= A Managed Switch can be commonly seen in an office or a large organization where a managed switch would be used. This type of switch provides additional capabilities, especially for someone who needs to constantly monitor and confirm that the device is working as expected. 

5. What is a Bridge?
= A Bridge is a device that  only provides a link between the wireless network and the wired network. A bridge can simply be used as bridging or extending that wired connection into a wireless connection.
        
6. What is a Patch Panel?
= A Patch Panel is used to connect many people in a work environment to the network by managing a lot of wires that are connected and managed using Patch Panel. After all the devices are connected together using Patch Panel they are later run on a permanent run.  
       
7. What is a Firewall?
= A Firewall is able to allow or disallow traffic through users' networks based on IP addresses and port numbers.  
       
8. What is a Hub?
A Hub is a device that was used before Switches, Hub was able to connect all of the devices on users' networks. A Hub is also known as a multiport repeater. 
        
9. What is a Cable Modem?
= A Cable Modem is a device that uses the same cable for users Tv as their internet connection most common in homes. This cable modem allows users to communicate over broadband communication.  
       
10. What is a DSL Modem?
= A DSL Modem is provided by traditional telephone companies which provide that connection; this modem uses the same telephone lines and the analog telephone. With DSL there is an advantage is downloading speed is faster compared to uploading speed.        

11. What is ONT?
= ONT is a Optical Network Terminal which uses a fiber network to connect this ONT device is usually connected outside of the user's home or premise. This connects the ISP fiber network and converts it into signals that can be used inside the house.    
    
12. What is Network Interface Card (NIC)?
= Network Interface Card (NIC) is a connection that uses a copper ethernet connection which provides the connection. This would be used as plugging in the ethernet cable to an ethernet port in devices like PC to get connection on that PC. 
       
13. What is a Wireless Access Point (WAP)?
= A Wireless Access Point (WAP) is a device that allows wireless capable devices and wired networks to connect through a wireless standard which include wi-fi and bluetooth.  
      
14. What is a Wireless LAN Controller?        
= A Wireless LAN Controller is a wireless device that focuses on changing network demands by managing wireless network access points that allow wireless devices to connect to the network.

15. What is a Repeater?
= A Repeater is a device once it's connected all the data going through into one interface on the hub will automatically be copied and sent to all the other interfaces on the same hub.