60_PAS_Troubleshooting Common Hardware Problems 
Possible Answer Sheet


Q1. What does POST stand for?
Ans. POST stands for Power-On-Self-Test.


Q2. What is the POST? 
Ans:  The POST is designed to make sure that all of the main components of our system are available.


Q3. What happens if one of the components in a POST process is not working properly? 
Ans: If one of the components in a POST process is not working properly we will hear a series of beeps and perhaps even see information shown on the screen detailing the problem that the POST found.


Q4. What should you do if you want to know the different beep codes? 
Ans: If we want to know the different beep codes we should look at the documentation for our motherboard, which will list every beep code and what that beep code is associated with.


Q5. The drives and their boot order are configured in the ___________ configuration.
Ans. BIOS configuration.
 

Q6. What is the full form of BIOS?
Ans. The full form of BIOS is Basic Input Output System.


Q7. What is the function performed by the BIOS?
Ans. The function performed by the BIOS is keeping track of the date and time.


Q8. What might happen if the battery has gone bad or all the voltage is depleted? 
Ans: If the battery has gone bad or all the voltage is depleted the system will not have any idea what the date and time might be. And we will have to manually set that everytime we start our computer until we replace the battery on the motherboard.


Q9.What should you do if you start your computer and get a blank screen?
Ans. If we start our computer and get a blank screen we should listen to hear what the beeps are telling us. Those beeps will tell us what is not working properly.


Q10. How do you fix other problems like if the system tries to boot from a drive that is not the normal startup drive?
Ans. Other problems like if the system tries to boot from a drive that is not the normal startup drive we fix that problem by looking into the BIOS configuration and checking to see in which order these different boot drives are listed. And then, we’ll be able to either move these boot drives around or remove some from the list.


Q11. What do you need to do if you’ve left a USB drive plugged in and the USB drive attempts to boot prior to the primary storage drive?
Ans. If we have left a USB drive plugged in and the USB drive attempts to boot prior to the primary storage drive we need to remove the USB drive, restart our computer, and it will begin to boot from the normal boot drive.


Q12. What message will you get if something isn't working properly? 
Ans. The message we will get if something isn’t working properly is a Windows stop error or what we commonly call a blue screen of death. And it tells us that something fatal has occurred. And we need to restart our system to get things back up and running.


Q13. Windows Stop Error also refers to as a _______________________.
Ans. A Windows blue screen of death.


Q14. What information do you receive while seeing the blue screen on your system?
Ans. Information we receive while seeing the blue screen on our system is on why this particular error may have occurred.


Q15. If this blue screen goes by very quickly and your system restarts, you can still go to the ____________________.
Ans. Windows Event.


Q16. How can you view the information associated with a Windows stop error? 
Ans: We can view the information associated with a Windows stop error by going back to the Event Viewer to see exactly what happened at that time frame. 


Q17. What is the Event Viewer useful for? 
Ans: The Event Viewer is useful for looking at the problem that users might have had and they didn’t write down the details that were on the screen.


Q18. The reference pages on Microsoft’s website give a lot of detail on how you can resolve specific issues.( True/ False)
Ans. False.


Q19. What should I do if my computer is displaying a blue screen error? 
Ans: If our computer is displaying a blue screen error we may want to contact the manufacturer of the computer or of the hardware that we have installed in the computer that’s causing the blue screen error.


Q20. Which websites can you use to research more about the Blue Screen Error?
Ans. Websites we can use to research more about the Blue Screen Error would be the Microsoft website Windows.com/stopcode. 


Q21.What are some potential causes of a blue screen? 
Ans: Some potential causes of a blue screen are bad hardware in our system, we might have installed drivers that aren’t working properly.


Q22. What will you do if your system is able to boot into Safe Mode but not able to boot into a full blown version of Windows?
Ans. If our system is able to boot into Safe Mode but not able to boot into a full blown version of Windows it may help us narrow down where the actual problem may be occurring, since some drivers are loaded during Safe Mode and other drivers are not.


Q23. You can get a hardware diagnostics utility directly from the _____________.
Ans. Manufacturer.


Q24. _______________will have hardware diagnostics built into the BIOS.
Ans. UEFI BIOS


Q25. What is the technical name for the spinning beach ball on Mac OS 10? 
Ans: The technical name for the spinning beach ball on MacOS 10 is the MAC OS 10 spinning wait cursor.


Q26. What might happen when you see a spinning ball on your system and how to resolve it? 
Ans: When we see a spinning ball on our system it might mean that whatever is happening has to complete before we are able to regain access to the operating system. And if it keeps spinning and spinning we might need to completely power down the system and power back on to be able to log back into the OS.


Q27. What might cause a spinning beach ball to appear on your system? 
Ans: There are many causes for a spinning ball to appear on our system. It might be a bug in an application. We could have bad hardware, or bad memory, or it may be slow paging information out of memory and to the storage drive or back again.


Q28. What if the cursor never reappears and you have to restart your system?
Ans. If the cursor never reappears and we have to restart our system we will want to go to the console logs in Mac OS to see if we can find more information about why this particular error occurred.


Q29. What should you check when the screen of a desktop computer stays black?
Ans: We should check all of the cabling when the screen of a desktop computer stays black.


Q30. What are the possible inputs to a monitor? 
Ans: The possible inputs to a monitor are usually a button or setting where we can configure which interface on the monitor is designed to be the input.


Q31. How can you make a dim image on the screen brighter? 
Ans: We can make a dim image on the screen brighter by using a brightness and contrast control that are present on most monitors.


Q32. What should you do if you see information on the screen but then everything goes black after Windows loads? 
Ans: If we see information on the screen but then everything goes black after Windows loads we might want to tell Windows to start up in VGA mode.


Q33. __________________mode is able to work across almost every monitor on the market. 
Ans. The generic graphics mode.


Q34. What tool can be used to check if an outlet is providing power to the power supply? 
Ans. Multimeter or handheld tester tools can be used to check if an outlet is providing power to the power supply.


Q35. What should you look for when determining if a computer is receiving power? 
Ans: We should check everything is cabled properly and have all of the switches turned on and we could also use a multimeter inside of our system to see if we are receiving DC power from the power supply.


Q36. What should we check to determine if there is a problem with the motherboard? 
Ans: We should check the power-on self-test process to see if it identifies any problems during the startup.


Q37. The fans that are inside of your system need a lot of voltage to spin. ( True/ False).
Ans. False


Q38. How can I get an overview of my computer's performance?
Ans. To be able to get an overview of performance, you may want to start Task Manager and view the CPU utilization for each individual process. There’s also a Performance tab. And clicking that brings up a list of CPU utilization for all processes on your computer. 


Q39. What could cause a system to become sluggish? 
Ans: A problem with a process or an application running on our system could cause a system to become sluggish.


Q40. What can cause an operating system to perform poorly? 
Ans: If our storage drive is filling up and the operating system is not able to write files to the drive, this could cause the operating system to perform poorly.


Q41. What happens if your desktop system’s temperature rises? 
Ans: If our desktop system’s temperature rises it will cause the CPU to run slower so that our system will be able to cool down.


Q42. What components generate heat in a computer system? 
Ans: Every component inside of our system is contributing to the overall heat that’s generated by our computer.


Q43. How can you measure the temperature inside of a computer? 
Ans: To measure the temperature inside of a computer we could use a third-party utility such as HWMonitor to be able to see exactly what the temperature is inside of our computer.


Q44. Why should electronic components be cleaned? 
Ans: Electronic components should be cleaned because it can resolve the problem of overheating on our system. 


Q45. What if your backside of the system has a lot of dust and produces a heat, how will you resolve this issue?
Ans. If our backside of the system has a lot of dust and produces a heat, we can resolve this issue by using a vacuum to clean out all the dust on the back of our system and regain an airflow through the computer case.


Q46. What could be causing my computer to abruptly power down? 
Ans: A single component on our system that is failing and causing the entire system to abruptly power down.


Q47. What should you do after eliminating items that are working properly? 
Ans: After eliminating items that are working properly we should move our focus towards devices that may not be working correctly and perform additional diagnostics of those components.


Q48. What message might you receive when Windows has identified a problem? 
Ans: The message we might receive when Windows has identified a problem such as Windows Explorer has stopped working. And Windows is checking to see if it has identified why this particular problem occurred.


Q49. What is the Reliability Monitor? 
Ans: The Reliability Monitor takes all of the information that’s been saved on our Event Viewer and provides us with a graphical overview of how our system has been performing.


Q50. What could be causing a scraping noise inside my system? 
Ans: The hard drive inside of our system, it could be the scraping noise coming from the hard drive itself.


Q51. What happens if a capacitor is damaged? 
Ans: If a capacitor is damaged we will see bulging out just a little bit on the top.


Q52. : What is a very frustrating error that can occur in an operating system and how will you resolve that? 
Ans: A very frustrating error that can occur in the operating system is that everything suddenly freezes. And we can resolve that by looking at anything that responds or we can try hitting Control Alt Delete to see if we can regain access to the operating system.


Q53. What if you’ve recently installed a new driver or updated any part of your operating system?
Ans. If we have recently installed a new driver or updated any part of our operating system we want to see how the resource utilization might be on our system.


Q54.How can you prevent your computer from automatically restarting after a stop error or blue screen? 
Ans: We can prevent our computer from automatically restarting after a stop error or blue screen by looking at the system properties configuration, change the settings, and disable the automatically restart option.


Q55. What is the best way to reset the BIOS configuration? 
Ans: The best way to reset the BIOS configuration is by removing the battery from the motherboard.